That's it.
I thought it was amazing
My son is vulnerable
Escort quickly
When I Die
you
It's useless.
We're not rivals, but he says stop.
You are my general
You can't serve the king
Aren't you afraid of being embroidered by the world?
I was wrong. I shouldn't have forced you to marry me
As long as you don't kill me
I promise you everything
It's late, the world moves
New Dynasty local today
I need to overturn this chessboard
re-chessboard
Yang Fan, you can't think like me
I'll give you everything, I thought Emperor Wu
You and I are equal
The Son of Heaven must not
shut up
Not you
Can I get to this point?
So troublesome
I don't want nine girls anymore
The nine girls are all yours
Leave me alone and continue
I can wipe out the nine clans for you
They are blind
They destroyed Jiuding
Destroyed Kyushu
Damn them!
Son of God, you bastards
Kneel down for me
God is killing me
God is going to kill my Li family
I knew he was so powerful
Shouldn't have refused such a marriage in the first place?
I missed it once.
What a chance to catch up with the first floor
You are really a good daughter to my father
Go and ask the Lord
Ask him to marry you
Our family is willing to marry him
Yes, yes, don't kill
You can ask the Lord to spare my Liu family, ma'am
Go and beg the Lord, go, go, go, go